c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeShop.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeShop.Tests.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeShop.Tests.pdb
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeShop.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\NPoco.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Extensions.ExecutionContextScoping.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\CoffeeShop.pdb
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\SimpleInjector.Extensions.ExecutionContextScoping.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\obj\Debug\CoffeeShop.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\obj\Debug\CoffeeShop.Tests.dll
c:\users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\obj\Debug\CoffeeShop.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\sbakayoko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\sbakayoko\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.visualstudio.testadapter.dll
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.runner.utility.desktop.dll
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.dll
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\Moq.xml
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.pdb
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.xml
C:\Users\sbakayoko\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CoffeeShop\CoffeeShop.Tests\bin\Debug\NPoco.pdb
